[network_path] update static path example (#25530)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/network_monitoring/network_path/setup.md

   init_config:
     min_collection_interval: 60 # in seconds, default 60 seconds
   instances:
     # configure the endpoints you want to monitor, one check instance per endpoint

>      # warning: do not set port when using UDP, it can cause traceroute calls to fail and falsely report unreachable destination

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     # warning: Do not set the port when using UDP. Setting the port when using UDP can cause traceroute calls to fail and falsely report an unreachable destination.
```
